README.md, before:

# Telegram-Spotify Sync Bot
This is a Telegram bot that automatically syncs a Telegram channel with one or more Spotify playlists. It continuously monitors the Spotify playlist for new songs and sends them to the Telegram channel in real-time.

## Features
- **Real-time Sync**: The bot continuously monitors the specified Spotify playlists for new songs and sends them to the corresponding Telegram channels in real-time.
- **Multi-Playlist Support**: The bot supports syncing multiple Spotify playlists with their respective Telegram channels.
- **Customizable Interval**: You can configure the interval at which the bot checks for new songs in the playlists.
- **Concurrent Processing**: The bot can process multiple songs concurrently, allowing for faster synchronization.

## Prerequisites
- Docker: [Installation Guide](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- Spotify Developer Account: [Create an App](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/applications)
- Telegram Bot Token: [Create a Bot](https://core.telegram.org/bots#botfather)

## Configuration
Before running the bot, you need to set the following environment variables:

- `CLIENT_ID`: Spotify client ID from your Spotify developer account.
- `CLIENT_SECRET`: Spotify client secret from your Spotify developer account.
- `BOT_TOKEN`: Telegram bot token obtained from the BotFather.
- `CHAT_ID`: Telegram channel ID where you want to send the songs.
- `PLAYLIST_URIS`: Comma-separated list of Spotify playlist URIs
- `INTERVAL`: (optional) Sync interval in seconds. Default is 60 seconds.
- `MAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS`: (optional) Maximum number of concurrent tasks. Default is 5.


## Usage
To set up and run the Telegram-Spotify Sync Bot in your local machine, follow the steps below:

1. Clone the Repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/021hossein/telegram-spotify-sync-bot.git
cd telegram-spotify-sync-bot
```
2. Install Dependencies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Set Up Configuration
Create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project and populate it with the following environment variables:

```
CLIENT_ID=<your-spotify-client-id>
CLIENT_SECRET=<your-spotify-client-secret>
BOT_TOKEN=<your-telegram-bot-token>
CHAT_ID=<your-telegram-channel-id>
PLAYLIST_URIS=<your-spotify-playlist-uris>
INTERVAL=<interval-in-seconds>
MAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS=<max-concurrent-tasks>
```

Make sure to replace `<your-spotify-client-id>`, `<your-spotify-client-secret>`, `<your-telegram-bot-token>`, `<your-telegram-channel-id>`, `<your-spotify-playlist-uris>`, `<interval-in-seconds>`, and `<max-concurrent-tasks>` with your actual values.

4. Run the Bot
You can run the bot using the following command:
```
python src/main.py
```
The bot will start syncing the Telegram channel with the Spotify playlist and automatically send new songs as they are added.

## Docker
Alternatively, you can run the bot in a Docker container. To do so, follow the steps below:

1. Build the Docker Image:
```
docker build -t telegram-spotify-sync-bot .
```

2. Run the Docker Container:
```
docker run -d --name telegram-spotify-sync-bot \
  -e CLIENT_ID=<your-spotify-client-id> \
  -e CLIENT_SECRET=<your-spotify-client-secret> \
  -e BOT_TOKEN=<your-telegram-bot-token> \
  -e CHAT_ID=<your-telegram-channel-id> \
  -e PLAYLIST_URIS=<your-spotify-playlist-uris> \
  -e INTERVAL=<interval-in-seconds> \
  -e MAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS=<max-concurrent-tasks> \
  telegram-spotify-sync-bot
```
Make sure to replace `<your-spotify-client-id>`, `<your-spotify-client-secret>`, `<your-telegram-bot-token>`, `<your-telegram-channel-id>`, `<your-spotify-playlist-uri>`, `<interval-in-seconds>`, and `<max-concurrent-tasks>` with your actual values.

The bot will start running inside the Docker container, syncing the Telegram channel with the Spotify playlist.

That's it! You have set up and configured the Telegram-Spotify Sync Bot. Enjoy automatic synchronization of your Spotify playlist with your Telegram channel!

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Add TRACKS_LIMIT environment variable.

README.md, after:

# Telegram-Spotify Sync Bot
This is a Telegram bot that automatically syncs a Telegram channel with one or more Spotify playlists. It continuously monitors the Spotify playlist for new songs and sends them to the Telegram channel in real-time.

## Features
- **Real-time Sync**: The bot continuously monitors the specified Spotify playlists for new songs and sends them to the corresponding Telegram channels in real-time.
- **Multi-Playlist Support**: The bot supports syncing multiple Spotify playlists with their respective Telegram channels.
- **Customizable Interval**: You can configure the interval at which the bot checks for new songs in the playlists.
- **Concurrent Processing**: The bot can process multiple songs concurrently, allowing for faster synchronization.

## Prerequisites
- Docker: [Installation Guide](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- Spotify Developer Account: [Create an App](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/applications)
- Telegram Bot Token: [Create a Bot](https://core.telegram.org/bots#botfather)

## Configuration
Before running the bot, you need to set the following environment variables:

- `CLIENT_ID`: Spotify client ID from your Spotify developer account.
- `CLIENT_SECRET`: Spotify client secret from your Spotify developer account.
- `BOT_TOKEN`: Telegram bot token obtained from the BotFather.
- `CHAT_ID`: Telegram channel ID where you want to send the songs.
- `PLAYLIST_URIS`: Comma-separated list of Spotify playlist URIs
- `TRACKS_LIMIT`: (optional) The maximum number of tracks to retrieve from each playlist in each check interval. default is 50 tracks.
- `INTERVAL`: (optional) Sync interval in seconds. Default is 60 seconds.
- `MAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS`: (optional) Maximum number of concurrent tasks. Default is 5.


## Usage
To set up and run the Telegram-Spotify Sync Bot in your local machine, follow the steps below:

1. Clone the Repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/021hossein/telegram-spotify-sync-bot.git
cd telegram-spotify-sync-bot
```
2. Install Dependencies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Set Up Configuration
Create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project and populate it with the following environment variables:

```
CLIENT_ID=<your-spotify-client-id>
CLIENT_SECRET=<your-spotify-client-secret>
BOT_TOKEN=<your-telegram-bot-token>
CHAT_ID=<your-telegram-channel-id>
PLAYLIST_URIS=<your-spotify-playlist-uris>
TRACKS_LIMIT=<track-limit>
INTERVAL=<interval-in-seconds>
MAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS=<max-concurrent-tasks>
```

Make sure to replace `<your-spotify-client-id>`, `<your-spotify-client-secret>`, `<your-telegram-bot-token>`, `<your-telegram-channel-id>`, `<your-spotify-playlist-uris>`, `<interval-in-seconds>`, and `<max-concurrent-tasks>` with your actual values.

4. Run the Bot
You can run the bot using the following command:
```
python src/main.py
```
The bot will start syncing the Telegram channel with the Spotify playlist and automatically send new songs as they are added.

## Docker
Alternatively, you can run the bot in a Docker container. To do so, follow the steps below:

1. Build the Docker Image:
```
docker build -t telegram-spotify-sync-bot .
```

2. Run the Docker Container:
```
docker run -d --name telegram-spotify-sync-bot \
  -e CLIENT_ID=<your-spotify-client-id> \
  -e CLIENT_SECRET=<your-spotify-client-secret> \
  -e BOT_TOKEN=<your-telegram-bot-token> \
  -e CHAT_ID=<your-telegram-channel-id> \
  -e PLAYLIST_URIS=<your-spotify-playlist-uris> \
  -e TRACKS_LIMIT=<track-limit> \
  -e INTERVAL=<interval-in-seconds> \
  -e MAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS=<max-concurrent-tasks> \
  telegram-spotify-sync-bot
```
Make sure to replace `<your-spotify-client-id>`, `<your-spotify-client-secret>`, `<your-telegram-bot-token>`, `<your-telegram-channel-id>`, `<your-spotify-playlist-uri>`, `<interval-in-seconds>`, and `<max-concurrent-tasks>` with your actual values.

The bot will start running inside the Docker container, syncing the Telegram channel with the Spotify playlist.

That's it! You have set up and configured the Telegram-Spotify Sync Bot. Enjoy automatic synchronization of your Spotify playlist with your Telegram channel!

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
